https://codepen.io/duointherain/full/zYqEOYV


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 It is tags that have meaning like <address> or <section>
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is used for marking up text and images so a browser can parse them properly
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    It is like width or height and they go with an element to tell it how to function.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is for the most important title and once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title, meta data, style tags or link to CSS

    7. What is an id? 
    It names an element for styling in CSS

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any of them, but ID is only for one element in a document

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    It's like ID, but can be used on multiple elements. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    whichever ones you want

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you'd like

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    _blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It is used to give a text based description of the image for text readers and other uses

    15. How do I reference an id?
    # ID

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is for bigger pieces like chapters, div is for smaller things like buttons or paragraphs

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    cascading style sheets is used for styling an html document

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
  display: block;
  font-size: 2em;
  margin-top: 0.67em;
  margin-bottom: 0.67em;
  margin-left: 0;
  margin-right: 0;
  font-weight: bold;
}
At least I think that's the right answer. Maybe I don't understand the question. 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is like I'm doing a story and I want all the dialog by Gael to be in green, so I'd tag all those spans with a Gael class, but I want Jack's 
    to be in blue, I'd take his spans with a Jack class. 
    I can only use an id once, so it would be something like a special block of text that needed unique styling. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent is p, a more specific like p and a class would be the child

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar div {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It defines a special state like a mouse over

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: normal; line-height: 1.5;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    the kerning? letter-spacing: 3px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: uppercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div.one {
  outline-style: dotted;
  outline-width 1px
  color: black;
  width: 50px;
  height: 25px;
  text-align: center;
  margin: auto;
  font-size: 20px;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    command A

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*Comments here*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    It's a final choice, no going back. rm 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    So when the code goes into the weeds, we can get back to the path.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    after important progress or every 15 minutes or so of productive work

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git commit -m "Max was here."

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
     - Fork Project
 - Invite TL to collaborate, for us: dishaliek-wright@lambdastudents.com
- clone the repo by copying the link
 - in the CLI use CD to move into the directory where we’re going to work, make a directory if needed
- use git-clone <link to repo>
- go into the new directory
- create your own branch with git checkout - ‘ firstname-lastname’
- git add to get ready to save
- git commit -m “Say something here”
-git push -u origin branch-name
-get ready for a pull request
-back on github, click on branch:master
-select your branch
-select new pull request
-select base repository
-add your TL to reviewers
-submit pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

